To run the program:
From the root directory, use the 'make' command and then './project' to run the executable.

For this project, I initially copy and pasted pp2 into this project, thinking that I would 
only have to do a few edits, but once I decided to implement the extra credit, there were
some bigger changes that I needed to make. I added a program counter in driver.cpp which keeps
track of indices in the instructions array. The processOperation() function now returns an
incremented program counter. There is also extra logic in driver.cpp when processing the input
file to verify label vs opcode. 

Since some of our operations now have the 'S' flag for updating the nzcv, I included a struct
called OpcodeInfo, which holds a boolean value that holds true if the S flag is present, and 
the nzcv does need to be updated. 

In functions.cpp, I have made several changes and additions. parseOpcode() is a function with 
a return type of OpcodeInfo struct. It takes the opcode parsed from the input file, and 
determines if there is a conditional at the end of the opcode. If there is, it stores the 'base'
opcode and the condition in the struct, if not, it only updates the opcode. shouldExecute() 
takes the condition stored from parseOpcode(), and checks the nzcv status flags. If true,
opcode will be taken. updateNZCV checks the necessary flag conditions, and updates if necessary.
parseOpcode() still uses maps for registers, memory, and opcodes, and also checks that each
operation has the correct number of operands. I stil used a switch/case statement for the operations,
and I will describe each operation below. toHexString() is unchanged. getValue converts values
from either register or immediate into uint32_t. Logic has been included in printArrays() to
include the nzcv flags.

Description of operations:

ADD: Get destination address and check that all operands are not immediate values. Convert 
     operands to uint32_t, add, convert to hex and update nzcv if the S flag was present. Print 
     info. UPdate pc.
SUB: Get destination address and check that all operands are not immediate values. Convert 
     operands to uint32_t, subtract, convert to hex and update nzcv if the S flag was present. Print 
     info. Update pc.
CMP: No destination address. Does same thing as SUB, but does not store the result anywhere. Instead,
     it updates the z flag and functionality has been moved to updateNZCV(). Update pc.
MOV: Get destination address. Convert value to uint32_t (can be register or immediate). Check for 
     'S' flag, and update nzcv if necessary. Print array, update pc.
AND: Get destination. Check that second operand is not immediate. Convert operands to uint32_t,
     do bitwise AND. Check for 'S' flag and update if necessary. Print info. Update pc. 
ORR: Get destination. Check that second operand is not immediate. Convert operands to uint32_t,
     do bitwise OR. Check for 'S' flag and update if necessary. Print info. Update pc. 
EOR: Get destination. Check that second operand is not immediate. Convert operands to uint32_t,
     do bitwise XOR. Check for 'S' flag and update if necessary. Print info. Update pc. 
LDR: Get destination address. Check if the second operand is a pointer. If it is a pointer, Remove
     brackets and convert to hex string to compare with the memory map. Convert the value stored in
     the map (0 if location does not exist) to uint32_t and load into register. Print info. Update pc
STR: Get source address. Check if second operand is a pointer. If it is a pointer, remove brackets
     and convert the address to string for comparing in the memory map. Store into memory. Print array.
     Update pc.
LSL: Get destination address. Check that the first two operands are not immediate values. Convert 
     second operand and the shift value to uint32_t. Do the shift and update registers. Print info.
     Uptdate nzcv.
LSR: Get destination address. Check that the first two operands are not immediate values. Convert 
     second operand and the shift value to uint32_t. Do the shift and update registers. Print info.
     Uptdate nzcv.
MVN: Get destination address. Grab value from registers and convert to uint32_t. Invert all the bits.
     Update flags if necessary. Print info. UPdate pc.
BEQ: There is a special funcion in functions.cpp which checks for BEQ, since it is not a 5 letter
     opcode, but still has a conditional at the end. Checks flags and takes the branch if they are 
     equal. 